Is this the real Dragon Jade?
Shenlong Jade actually took the initiative to summon Shenlong
Protect this kid
Could he be the one I've been searching for all these years?
The most virtuous person
Ah, did you all see it?
Did he do it first?
It has nothing to do with me.
Your Shenlong Jade is real.
Where did you get it?
Of course, only the Dragon King can wear the Dragon Jade.
Now that you know that this jade is real
Then you are a fake Dragon King and you are not recruited from the truth
Who are you really?
And I said, "Okay.
I am actually Mr. Xu who practices on Lingyin Mountain
How dare you!
Somebody, get him out of here
Yes, even though I am fake
But he's not real
I have been practicing for decades and have broken through the Golden Wonderland
I heard that the Dragon King is about to leave the customs.
I will visit in person
But the Dragon King did not return
Thousand Miles Transmission said that the Shenlong Jade was lost
So it is impossible to come to tonight's feast
So I impersonated the Dragon King
Take the opportunity to think about the benefits of being old
I personally saw my Dragon King's smile in the Dragon King Hall
Not this kid